Solarized Colorscheme for Gnome Terminal
========================================

Scripts for setting the Solarized color set with Gnome Terminal. To get nicely
colored directory listings, you will also need to set up a [dircolors solarised
color theme].

Colors
------

Only the foreground, background and highlight colors are different in the light
and dark color sets, as one of the main ideas behind Ethan Schonoovers work is
to use the same colors in the palette for both.

See the [Solarized homepage] for theory behind the colors, screenshots, details
and colorscheme versions for Vim, Mutt, popular terminal emulators and other
applications.

For the original works of Ethan Schoonover, visit the [Solarized repository].
The scripts for Gnome Terminal is maintained in [Gnome Terminal Colors
Solarized repository].

Installation and usage
----------------------

To be able to uninstall, we highly recommend that you create a new Gnome
Terminal profile, using the menus in Gnome Terminal.

You need the `dconf` command (if you run a recent Gnome version). With Ubuntu,
this can be installed by running

    $ sudo apt-get install dconf-cli

Then you can run the installation script:

    $ ./install.sh

And just follow the instructions.

You can also run the `set_dark.sh` or `set_light.sh` script, to directly set
the dark or light solarized theme to the actived gnome-terminal profile.

Uninstall
---------

Change to another profile in Gnome Terminal, then remove the Solarized profile
by running:

### Gnome 3.6 or lower

    $ rm -r ~/.gconf/apps/gnome-terminal/profiles/Solarized/

### Gnome 3.8 or higher

Be sure to have the dconf-cli package installed and do:

    $ dconf reset -f /org/gnome/terminal/legacy/profiles:/PROFILE_ID"

Replace PROFILE_ID by your profile ID (you can get it in your profile
configuration in gnome-terminal).

Themes
------

Each theme has is own folder in the `colors` dir. It contains 5 files:

  * bd_color: bold color
  * bg_color: background color
  * fg_color: foreground color
  * palette_dconf: palette for dconf (for gnome-terminal 3.8 or higher). Each
    color is surrounded of simple quotes, and colors are comma separated.
  * palette_gconf: palette for gconf (for gnome-terminal 3.6 or lower). Colors
    are separated by colons.

No additional configuration is needed to add a theme, the installation script
just list at launch the children folders in the `colors` dir.

Contributors
------------

* Sigurd Gartmann <sigurdga@sigurdga.no>
* Anthony Ruhier <anthony.ruhier@gmail.com>
* Paul Thomson <captbunzo@gmail.com>
* Techlive Zheng <techlivezheng@gmail.com>
* Daniel Graña <dangra@gmail.com>

FAQ
===

Conflicting background colors in VIM
------------------------------------

Use the 16 colors terminal option to get VIM to look like GVIM with solarized
colors.

    set t_Co=16

Mate terminal compatibility
---------------------------

This script has to stay simple, and including Mate compatibility is not what I
want, even if there is not a lot of changes between Mate-Terminal and
Gnome-Terminal. Moreover, I do not use Mate so I would only test the script
quickly in a virtual machine, and it is not the main platform target.

However, I invite anybody to fork this script and to include the modifications
for Mate (michel-slm already did the job in the pull-request #39, many thanks
to him !). If it is maintained (like pulling the new commits from this repo
and following the Mate Terminal changes), I will quote the forked repo in this
readme.

[Solarized homepage]:   http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
[Solarized repository]: https://github.com/altercation/solarized
[Gnome Terminal Colors Solarized repository]: https://github.com/sigurdga/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized
[dircolors solarised color theme]: https://github.com/seebi/dircolors-solarized
